#503a - Update SkuPriceId per SkuPriceDetails (#530)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/skupriceid.md

A SKU Price ID is a unique identifier that defines the unit price used to calculate the charge. SKU Price ID can be referenced on a [*price list*](#glossary:price-list) published by a provider to look up detailed information, including a corresponding list unit price. The composition of the properties associated with the SKU Price ID may differ across providers. SKU Price ID is commonly used for analyzing cost based on pricing properties such as Terms and Tiers.

The SkuPriceId column adheres to the following requirements:

> - The SkuPriceId MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider publishes a SKU price list and MUST be of type String.

Author: ```suggestion
- SkuPriceId MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider publishes a SKU price list and MUST be of type String.
```

A SKU Price ID is a unique identifier that defines the unit price used to calculate the charge. SKU Price ID can be referenced on a [*price list*](#glossary:price-list) published by a provider to look up detailed information, including a corresponding list unit price. The composition of the properties associated with the SKU Price ID may differ across providers. SKU Price ID is commonly used for analyzing cost based on pricing properties such as Terms and Tiers.

> - The SkuPriceId column MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider publishes a SKU price list.
> - This column MUST be of type String.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SkuPriceId column adheres to the following requirements:
- The SkuPriceId MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider publishes a SKU price list and MUST be of type String.
```

- SkuPriceId MUST define a single unit price used for calculating the charge.

> - The [ListUnitPrice](#listunitprice) MUST be associated with the SkuPriceId in the provider published *price list*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ListUnitPrice](#listunitprice) MUST be associated with the SkuPriceId in the provider published *price list*.
```

> - This column
> - MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction" and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" or "Purchase", MUST be null when ChargeCategory is "Tax", and MAY be null for all other combinations of ChargeClass and ChargeCategory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SKUPriceId MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction" and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" or "Purchase", MUST be null when ChargeCategory is "Tax", and MAY be null for all other combinations of ChargeClass and ChargeCategory.
```
